docs: main realm (#275)
decentraland/documentation: content/player/general/meeting.md

There are two aspects to take into consideration when we talk about a place in Decentraland, the first one is the Realm or Server and the second one is the Position.

> The platform currently has 11 servers, each denoted by friendly names such as Hela, Baldr, or Loki, and represents a realm, a distinct virtual environment. There is one default realm called MAIN where users are initially placed upon logging in. However, users have the flexibility to switch to other realms at any time. The primary objective of the MAIN realm is to gather the majority of users into the same connection level, facilitating and promoting social connections within the platform and make it easier to find your friends. Finding or changing the realm is an easy process and can be done in various ways. Once you are in-world, you can access your profile at the top right corner of the screen. In the window that opens, you can find the option to switch realms at the top left corner, where you can view the current realm you are in.: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform currently has 11 servers, each denoted by friendly names such as Hela, Baldr, or Loki, and represents a realm, a distinct virtual environment. There is one default realm called MAIN where users are initially placed upon logging in. However, users have the flexibility to switch to other realms at any time. The primary objective of the MAIN realm is to gather the majority of users into the same connection level, facilitating and promoting social connections within the platform and making it easier to meet your friends. Finding or changing the realm is an easy process and can be done in various ways. Once you are in-world, you can access your profile at the top right corner of the screen. In the window that opens, you can find the option to switch realms at the top left corner, where you can view the current realm you are in.: 
```
